README.md, before:

# Data-Structures-Zoo
An educational repo for students looking to learn about data structures in Python.
While this is based on a Java class, this resource will be using Python idioms.

[put picture here]

#### Introduction
First of all, congratulations! You probably just finished a tutorial or class on Python, but it left you wanting more. Your curiosity has led you to learn more about the fun things you can do in Python. This repo is meant to be a resource for those of you looking to dive into some interesting Computer Science topics.

The repository is laid out in a logical order and I suggest completing it in the order prescribed. You'll learn about the basics of OOP, get into some of the math behind algorithm design and dive into the nitty gritty with Stacks, Linked-lists, and even Graphs!


#### Table of Contents
1. [Object-oriented Programming](https://github.com/QuantumFractal/Data-Structures-Zoo/tree/master/1-Object-Oriented%20Programming)
2. [Algorithm Analysis](https://github.com/QuantumFractal/Data-Structures-Zoo/tree/master/2-Algorithm%20Analysis)
3. [Sorting](https://github.com/QuantumFractal/Data-Structures-Zoo/tree/master/3-Sorting)
4. [Generics](https://github.com/QuantumFractal/Data-Structures-Zoo/tree/master/4-Generics)
5. [Collections and Iterators](https://github.com/QuantumFractal/Data-Structures-Zoo/tree/master/5-Collections%20and%20Iterators)
6. [Stack and its Applications](https://github.com/QuantumFractal/Data-Structures-Zoo/tree/master/6-Stack%20and%20its%20applications)
7. [Queue](https://github.com/QuantumFractal/Data-Structures-Zoo/tree/master/7-Queue)
8. [Tree](https://github.com/QuantumFractal/Data-Structures-Zoo/tree/master/8-Tree)
9. [Map](https://github.com/QuantumFractal/Data-Structures-Zoo/tree/master/9-Map)
10. [Graphs](https://github.com/QuantumFractal/Data-Structures-Zoo/tree/master/10-Graphs)

Commit message:

Added testing to sorting section
Change-Id: I09b767bdf0075a280b870fa7ae3d2268c93f525c

README.md, after:

# Data-Structures-Zoo
An educational repo for students looking to learn about data structures in Python.
While this is based on a Java class, this resource will be using Python idioms.

[put picture here]

#### Introduction
First of all, congratulations! You probably just finished a tutorial or class on Python, but it left you wanting more. Your curiosity has led you to learn more about the fun things you can do in Python. This repo is meant to be a resource for those of you looking to dive into some interesting Computer Science topics.

The repository is laid out in a logical order and I suggest completing it in the order prescribed. You'll learn about the basics of OOP, get into some of the math behind algorithm design and dive into the nitty gritty with Stacks, Linked-lists, and even Graphs!

A note about test-driven development. Each section has a ``test.py`` file for testing my methods.
If you're thinking about doing TDD... DO IT. JUST DO IT. If you're new to Python or
programming in general. TDD is an excellent habit to get into there's a [great book](http://www.obeythetestinggoat.com/)
on the subject. To summarize it in a sentence; Make failing tests, fix your code to make the tests pass,
then refactor and repeat.

#### Table of Contents
1. [Object-oriented Programming](https://github.com/QuantumFractal/Data-Structures-Zoo/tree/master/1-Object-Oriented%20Programming)
2. [Algorithm Analysis](https://github.com/QuantumFractal/Data-Structures-Zoo/tree/master/2-Algorithm%20Analysis)
3. [Sorting](https://github.com/QuantumFractal/Data-Structures-Zoo/tree/master/3-Sorting)
4. [Generics](https://github.com/QuantumFractal/Data-Structures-Zoo/tree/master/4-Generics)
5. [Collections and Iterators](https://github.com/QuantumFractal/Data-Structures-Zoo/tree/master/5-Collections%20and%20Iterators)
6. [Stack and its Applications](https://github.com/QuantumFractal/Data-Structures-Zoo/tree/master/6-Stack%20and%20its%20applications)
7. [Queue](https://github.com/QuantumFractal/Data-Structures-Zoo/tree/master/7-Queue)
8. [Tree](https://github.com/QuantumFractal/Data-Structures-Zoo/tree/master/8-Tree)
9. [Map](https://github.com/QuantumFractal/Data-Structures-Zoo/tree/master/9-Map)
10. [Graphs](https://github.com/QuantumFractal/Data-Structures-Zoo/tree/master/10-Graphs)
